add customerCardPrice and scanMessage (#63)
snabble/docs: api_pricing.md

  "category": "normal",
  "listPrice": 199,
  "discountedPrice": 149,
  "customerCardPrice": 129,
  "basePrice": "14.90 €/kg"
}
```

| Parameter         | Type   | Description                                          |
|-------------------|--------|------------------------------------------------------|
| category          | string | id of the `PricingCategory`                          |
| listPrice         | int64  | list price of the product in this category           |
| discountedPrice   | int64  | discounted price for the product in this category    |

> | customerCardPrice | int64  | customer card price for the product in this category |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| customerCardPrice | int64  | reduced price for customers owning a loyalty or customer card |
```

    "category": "normal",
    "listPrice": 199,
    "discountedPrice": 149,
    "customerCardPrice": 129,
    "basePrice": "14.90 €/kg"
}
```

| Parameter       | Type   | Description                                            |
|-----------------|--------|--------------------------------------------------------|
| sku             | string | sku of the product                                     |
| category        | string | id of the `PricingCategory`                            |
| listPrice       | int64  | list price of the product in this category             |
| discountedPrice | int64  | discounted price for the product in this category      |

> | customerCardPrice | int64  | customer card price for the product in this category |

Reviewer: Siehe oben
